README.md, before:

# SIMPLEXpress

**SIMPLEXpress** is a simple-to-use alternative to regular expressions.
Instead of requiring the user to memorize dozens of special characters with
multiple uses and complex rules, SIMPLEXpress hard-reserves two characters
and leaves the rest for literal use. Using a few simple syntactic rules,
the user can easily write powerful expressions.

## Authors

- Ben D. Lovy
- Jason C. McDonald
- Jarek Thomas
- Moshe D. Uminer
- Bowen Volwiler
- Anna R. Dunster

## Dependencies

- PawLIB: Available from [GitHub][6].
- CPGF: Available from libdeps ([GitHub][7])

## Building

If you have the full source repository, see BUILDING.md for information
on how to build SIMPLEXpress.

The Ready-To-Use version of SIMPLEXpress only contains the folders 'include'
and 'lib'. You can find the full source repository on [GitHub][5].

## Contributions

We do not accept pull requests through GitHub.
If you would like to contribute code, please read our
[Contribution Guide][3].

All contributions are licensed to us under the
[MousePaw Media Terms of Development][4].

## License

SIMPLEXpress is licensed under the BSD-3 License. (See LICENSE.md)

The project is owned and maintained by [MousePaw Media][2].

[1]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/simplexpress
[2]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/
[3]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/developers/contributing
[4]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/termsofdevelopment
[5]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/simplexpress
[6]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/pawlib
[7]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/libdeps

Commit message:

Swap PawLIB dependencies for split dependencies
Summary: Edit default.config, CMakeLists, all header file includes, c_cpp_properties include paths, and main.cpp to use the split dependencies

Test Plan: Included Goldilocks 1.3 tests. Passing.

Reviewers: jcmcdonald

Reviewed By: jcmcdonald

Subscribers: jcmcdonald, ardunster

Tags: #programming_dept, #simplexpress_project

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.mousepawmedia.net/D388

README.md, after:

# SIMPLEXpress

**SIMPLEXpress** is a simple-to-use alternative to regular expressions.
Instead of requiring the user to memorize dozens of special characters with
multiple uses and complex rules, SIMPLEXpress hard-reserves two characters
and leaves the rest for literal use. Using a few simple syntactic rules,
the user can easily write powerful expressions.

## Authors

- Anna R. Dunster
- Ben D. Lovy
- Jason C. McDonald
- Jarek Thomas
- Moshe D. Uminer
- Bowen Volwiler

## Dependencies

- eventpp: Available from libdeps ([GitHub][6])
- Arctic Tern: Available from [GitHub][7].
- IOSqueak: Available from [GitHub][8].
- Nimbly: Available from [GitHub][9].
- Onestring: Available from [GitHub][10].
- Goldilocks 1.0: Available from [GitHub][11]. (Tester only)

## Building

If you have the full source repository, see BUILDING.md for information
on how to build SIMPLEXpress.

The Ready-To-Use version of SIMPLEXpress only contains the folders 'include'
and 'lib'. You can find the full source repository on [GitHub][5].

## Contributions

We do not accept pull requests through GitHub.
If you would like to contribute code, please read our
[Contribution Guide][3].

All contributions are licensed to us under the
[MousePaw Media Terms of Development][4].

## License

SIMPLEXpress is licensed under the BSD-3 License. (See LICENSE.md)

The project is owned and maintained by [MousePaw Media][2].

[1]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/simplexpress
[2]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/
[3]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/developers/contributing
[4]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/termsofdevelopment
[5]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/simplexpress
[6]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/libdeps
[7]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/arctic-tern
[8]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/iosqueak
[9]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/nimbly
[10]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/onestring
[11]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/goldilocks/tree/stable
